*Briefly summarize your client, Artemis Financial, and its software requirements. Who was the client? What issue did the company want you to address?
Artemis Financial is a financial consultant company which means that they offer plans to clients that will optimize their profits and investments. This is significant because simply by the nature of the business Artemis will inevitably come into contact with countless client’s personal banking information, so there must be an extra emphasis on security for their website. They have tasked our company with creating encryption keys that will encrypt and protect their clients’ data so that they are not at risk when exploring Artemis’ website.

*What did you do well when you found your client’s software security vulnerabilities? Why is it important to code securely? What value does software security add to a company’s overall well-being?
I was able to identify the real vs false positives vulnerabilities by the base scores provided in the dependency check letting me know the true severity of the issue. The real vulnerabilities would have been dealt with in a real world scenario while I suppressed the flaws positives the keep the code running as efficiently as possible l. It is important to keep the code secure from the very beginning as to not allow for any malicious entities to take advantage of an area that you failed to secure whether it be tricking the input validation, exploiting the code error, decrypting data etc. Every aspect of the program from the code itself, to the API used, to use of an AES must be air tight or else there risks being a data breach. A company with strong software security can have peace of mind not only for them, but for their clients, meaning that they will be able to grow and prosper at an exponential rate without fear of everything falling apart down the line.

*Which part of the vulnerability assessment was challenging or helpful to you?
The vulnerability assessment was helpful because being able to identify and suppress false positives means that the code isn’t allocating resources attempting to address issues that are not actually a threat. In this way the program can focus more on the actual issues that may arise as well as the overall functionality of the code.

*How did you increase layers of security? In the future, what would you use to assess vulnerabilities and decide which mitigation techniques to use?
You increase layers of security by having security measures in every step and aspect of the process, like the examples I used earlier of abstracting the code itself, having encrypted APIs, using AES encryption keys etc. In the individual iteration of the program’s existence there is a separate layer of encryption security, so that if someone were to try to breach the program there is a layer of protection stopping them on every level.

*How did you make certain the code and software application were functional and secure? After refactoring the code, how did you check to see whether you introduced new vulnerabilities?
I secured the code by consistently test running the code and performing Maven dependency checks, meaning that the program would check for vulnerabilities in the code that could lead the the program being compromised. When refractories or making any small changes to the code I pull run it again to ensure that the program had not been compromised by the changes. Then once I was satisfied I would once again run a dependency check to ensure that nothing new came up.

*What resources, tools, or coding practices did you use that might be helpful in future assignments or tasks?
The AES encryption keys used to hide data from third parties will prove an invaluable tool in my future coding endeavors. The cypher will encrypt the sensitive data using hash functions, and being symmetrical will provide a singular code for both encryption and decryption. Ensuring that I include as many security measures as possible when implementing my programs will give me and my clients and colleagues confidence in the structural integrity of my work.

*Employers sometimes ask for examples of work that you have successfully completed to show your skills, knowledge, and experience. What might you show future employers from this assignment?
I would show future employees how I was able to successfully implement the SHA-256 AES hast system i order to encrypt the desired information and was able to return a functional key. This proves that I have had experience with at least the basic level of cyber security and even at my current level have the ability and willingness to continue to improve and get better.
